Remove .NET Core "LTS" mentions (#108357)
Azure/azure-content: articles/backup/backup-azure-system-state-troubleshoot.md

- Ensure your OS has the latest updates
- [Ensure unsupported drives and files with unsupported attributes are excluded from backup](backup-support-matrix-mars-agent.md#supported-drives-or-volumes-for-backup)
- Ensure **System Clock** on the protected system is configured to correct time zone <br>

> - [Ensure that the server has at least .NET Framework version 4.5.2 and higher](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=30653)<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Ensure that the server has at least .NET Framework version 4.6.2 and higher](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-framework)
```
